Added properties entities and methods (#228)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/entity_light.md

sidebar_label: Light
---

A light entity is a device that controls the brightness, RGB value,color temperature and effects of a light source.

## Properties

| Name | Type | Default | Description
| ---- | ---- | ---- | ----
| brightness | int | None | Return the brightness of this light between 0..255
| color_temp | int | None | Return the CT color value in mireds.
| effect | String | None | Return the current effect.
| effect_list | list | None | Return the list of supported effects.
| hs_color | list | None | Return the hue and saturation color value [float, float].
| max_minreds | int | int | Return the warmest color_temp that this light supports.
| min_mireds | int | int | Return the coldest color_temp that this light supports.

> | state_attributes | list | list | Return optional state attributes.

Reviewer: This is not a property that people are allowed to override

Author: The state attributes is the one that is not a property that people are to allowed override?

| supported_features | int | int | Flag supported features.
| white_value | int | None | Return the white value of this light between 0..255.

### Device Classes
| Constant | Description 
|----------|-----------------------

> | 'ATTR_RGB_COLOR' | Supports RGB color 

Reviewer: These are not the device classes. Right now light does not have device classes.

Author: Should these be under properties or support feature?

| 'ATTR_BRIGHTNESS' | Supports adjusting the brightness
| 'ATTR_BRIGHTNESS_PCT' | Supports adjusting the brightness
| 'ATTR_PROFILE' | Representing a user profile
| 'ATTR_FLASH' | Supports flash effects 
| 'FLASH_SHORT' | Supports short flashes
| 'FLASH_LONG' | Supports long flashes
| 'ATTR_EFFECT_LIST' | Supports a list of effects
| 'ATTR_EFFECT' | Shows which effect is being showed
| 'EFFECT_COLORLOOP' | Supports a color loop
| 'EFFECT_RANDOM' | Supports a random effects
| 'EFFECT_WHITE' | Supports white light effects

## Support Feature  
| Constant | Description 
|----------|-----------------------
| 'SUPPORT_BRIGHTNESS' | Controls the brightness of a light source
| 'SUPPORT_COLOR' | Controls the color a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_COLOR_TEMP' | Controls the representation a light source shows based on temperature
| 'SUPPORT_EFFECT' | Controls the effect a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_FLASH' | Controls the duration of a flash a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_TRANSITION' | Controls the duration of transitions between color and effects
| 'SUPPORT_WHITE_VALUE' | Controls the white light a light source shows.

## Methods

'''python

> def preprocess_turn_on_alternatives(params):

Reviewer: This is not an exposed method.

    """Process extra data for turn light on request."""

'''

'''python

> class SetIntentHandler(intent.IntentHandler):  

Reviewer: Neither is this

    """Handle set color intents."""
        async def async_handle(self, intent_obj):  
		"""Handle the hass intent."""  
	
	async def async_setup(hass, config):  
		"""Expose light control via state machine and services."""  

	async def async_handle_light_on_service(service):  
        	"""Handle a turn light on service call."""

	async def async_setup_entry(hass, entry):  
		"""Set up a config entry."""  

	async def async_unload_entry(hass, entry):  
		"""Unload a config entry."""  

'''

'''python

> class Profiles:

Reviewer: Nor this

sidebar_label: Light
---

A light entity is a device that controls the brightness, RGB value,color temperature and effects of a light source.

## Properties

| Name | Type | Default | Description

> | ---- | ---- | ---- | ----

Reviewer: You're missing `is_on`

| brightness | int | None | Return the brightness of this light between 0..255
| color_temp | int | None | Return the CT color value in mireds.
| effect | String | None | Return the current effect.
| effect_list | list | None | Return the list of supported effects.
| hs_color | list | None | Return the hue and saturation color value [float, float].
| max_minreds | int | int | Return the warmest color_temp that this light supports.
| min_mireds | int | int | Return the coldest color_temp that this light supports.
| supported_features | int | int | Flag supported features.
| white_value | int | None | Return the white value of this light between 0..255.

## Support Feature  
| Constant | Description 
|----------|-----------------------

> | 'SUPPORT_BRIGHTNESS' | Controls the brightness of a light source

Reviewer: You need to use backticks, not quotation marks.

```suggestion
| `SUPPORT_BRIGHTNESS` | Controls the brightness of a light source
```

| 'SUPPORT_COLOR' | Controls the color a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_COLOR_TEMP' | Controls the representation a light source shows based on temperature
| 'SUPPORT_EFFECT' | Controls the effect a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_FLASH' | Controls the duration of a flash a light source shows
| 'SUPPORT_TRANSITION' | Controls the duration of transitions between color and effects
| 'SUPPORT_WHITE_VALUE' | Controls the white light a light source shows.

## Methods

> '''python

Reviewer: You need to use backticks, not quotation marks. 

The preview of this page looks all scrambled https://deploy-preview-228--developers-home-assistant.netlify.com/docs/en/next/entity_light.html

you would also have been able to check this if you clicked preview in GitHub. https://github.com/home-assistant/developers.home-assistant/blob/7b09c0b1e9039c312aff8cc7b5a3332fb3fe440c/docs/entity_light.md

class MyLightDevice(LightDevice):

>   def turn_on(self):

Reviewer: This is incorrect. Light extends from ToggleEntity, see `helpers/entity.py`

Reviewer: No, you misunderstood my comments. the class still needs to extend from the light class. The method signatures need to be adopted from the ToggleEntity class.
